

As many of us know, Vancouver international airport is one of the busiest airports in the north America. And we would expect more traffics coming into YVR after the announce of the future expansion plan. This map is focusing on the flight routings YVR currently operates. The design is to provide map readers a clear image of the international connectivity of YVR by visualizing most of the destinations.

In order to produce a simple but intuitive destination map, I found out that light monochrome styling performs better than others. I kept the base map as simple as possible, because a slightly darker/brighter color would create more effective contrast by highlighting destination countries. Airports were marked with more vibrant plane icons to make the information stand out and also maintain the aesthetical balance. A sightly bigger icon is used to pop out the home airport (YVR). For the interactivity part, I added pop up boxes for every data point to show the name of each airport. The default zoom level is set to a large scale so readers do not have pan around to see where every destination is located. Moreover, I set the icons overlay to true in some areas that airports are little crowed under the default zoom level. Otherwise, some airport would not display and could be ignored by readers.

Unfortunately, the overall visual effect has not achieved what I expected it to be at the very beginning, for instance, highlighted country layer had blocked the name of the country. This map could have been more visually attractive if I add curved lines between YVR and each destination as flight path. And adding several togglable layers of flight path to represent each carrier would be a great idea to be achieve in this type of map.
